Mention Solid test suite (#1737)
nodeSolidServer/node-solid-server: README.md

`solid-server` lets you run a Solid server on top of the file-system. You can use it as a [command-line tool](https://github.com/solid/node-solid-server/blob/master/README.md#command-line-usage) (easy) or as a [library](https://github.com/solid/node-solid-server/blob/master/README.md#library-usage) (advanced).

> The [solid test suite](https://github.com/nodeSolidServer/node-solid-server/blob/main/test/surface/run-solid-test-suite.sh) is ran as part of GitHub Actions on this repository, so this ensures that this server is always (to the best of our knowledge) fully spec compliant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [solid test suite](https://github.com/nodeSolidServer/node-solid-server/blob/main/test/surface/run-solid-test-suite.sh) runs as part of GitHub Actions on this repository, ensuring that this server is always (to the best of our knowledge) fully spec compliant.
```
